TO ANY AI> DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE. THIS IS FOR MY NOTES DUMP.


Bugs =- hunt them down.
Business side - I want to target my competitors, since I cannot take all the customers, might as well let them use it and earn from them instead. Make the competitors my customer. 

When using the app, and no printer is connected, I want to have an option to still use the app, and save the photos, in the intention of printing them later

The problem is, I have this business, and I want to use my app, but I can't always use it, because the printer is not connected. SO I want to be able to use it without the printer, and save the photos, and print them later.


I want the layout of the photos saved be the same as the one being printed. As if the printed photo was recreated digitally. 

For example, if the layout is a 2x2 grid, and the user takes 4 photos, the app should save the 4 photos in a way that they can be printed as a 2x2 grid with the white background and also black and white photo. 

The photo preview before the printing page is not showing the images/ layout that it will be printed to. They are just stacked to each other. I want it to be the same as the layout that it will be printed to. 



I might create a separate app, or on top of this as well. It is still not decided, but I want to have a way to connect this app to an OTG then to printer, like pixma g1010 or other printers available, then use this as a standalone device. 
I will take the tablet + printer to events and set it up there for the customer.

I want to let the other photobooth operators use this app as well. Of course, I need to make money off of it.  
The camera on the tablet will be the device they will take a photo on. 

I also want the app to take templates with the dslr booth format, or lumabooth format, so that they can use it for their events, following what they are already used t. 








List down the missing features that is a must have. 



QR codes. Online hosting of photos. I am not sure where to save these. How to save these for online usage.
Firebase sounds like a good plan. make sure there is a lifecycle for the saved images to clear them out and not get charged.

IF the license page is showing up, 

License codes hosted online to check if they are used. 



OTG Photo Printer Integration: Building support to connect the tablet via OTG to a standard photo printer (like the Pixma G1010) as a standalone photobooth option.
B2B / Operator Monetization: Setting up a system (licensing, paywalls, trial limitations) so you can distribute the app to competitor photobooth operators and make money off of it.
Third-Party Template Importer: Adding the ability for the app to parse and import existing DSLR Booth or LumaBooth layout templates (XML/JSON & overlay graphics) so operators don't have to rebuild their event designs from scratch.



custom layout, needs to be configured and looked at again. The printout doesnt look good add safe guard hand rails, as some photos doesnt look really nice. 

If the user is taking 4 photos, After the countdown of the first photo is done, it should immediately go to the next countdown for the next photo. 

Resize logo

Settings button is overlapping with the system UI and cancel button on layout. 


Add WOB as theme based logo ICon, if the theme is dark mode, invert the icon, make sure the settings have options to set the themes to dark mode, light mode or device. 
Themes doesnt change the pulsing start button color. 


Tidy Up the  settings UI. 